I'm then she is going to stop talking
into even equipments do it even if you
don't come back h illegitimately well
stop just you if he does it again and
legitimate you going to stop at ever
talking okay go there every three times
okay a blue tank hello without a
cuddly bad joke
Oh
you
please Simone appreciate it huh we got
our blue cow guys we got our blue cows I
like an apple that was Stan just died
yeah
Oh
wait Danny did you just die
now I have to okay just for you
okay okay Holly I'm sorry but that's too
much ah again you can I go to Tyra
police notice me guide you off you
pass
the reason is a picture why no
I'm the same time zone
come on blue cow so it's almost like six
it's just 906 yeah x was a plus one
formal racer
it's like what a RX at the moment almost
um what so I know you love me this is my
sick everyone say a lot to yo dawg
luckily past not through the air
then the pokeball milk day ally I'm
sorry you've gone a little bit too hard
there 10 minutes yay
that's a tiny
whoa cow so him so if I drink milk from
a milk tag that shiny do as it takes
like blueberries listen to puddle e by
joke again Luna okay that's run into the
ground now my heart Laura good job yeah
I'm not gonna do here I think the only
thing that unity chhabria is gonna be as
a cash cow lane
eat
to remember
and then with powerup punch is that
obvious like what I killed come on yes
yes you get it yep got it it is a no
thanks i would say though okay oh my god
justin bieber well it's just and braver
no go away your incall stuff only that's
saying something what you mean feeling
exactly why but you can sing it for last
two minutes what a nice surprise okay
everybody listen Jess gasps a nature in
the meantime lens lens what would you
like to nickname it limps is not here
huh